Now let's open computed property two dot html.
And here we have a table contains top ten
frameworks each row contains name and score.
But here the framework is not sorted. What we should do here
is sorted the frameworks by score whether ascendingly
or descendingly.
So let's switch to our editor and see the code.
Open the computed property two dot html.
here inside
tbody we will loop the framework from top 10 frameworks.
Let's see the script.
And here we have top ten frameworks
property which contains array of objects.
And our job now is to sort this frameworks by score
before to actually display them in the template.
In this case we need to make computation to the
top frameworks and we can put the logic inside
the computed
property.
So let's add computed
then inside this let's define a function. Here
I'm going to call it top ten framework sorted
and then inside this function we can sort the top ten
frameworks array by utilizing javascript sort function.
So this dot top ten frameworks dot sort. This
function need another function as argument.
In this case I'm going to use ES6 arrow function.
In this function we'll need to compare two values
let's say a and b.
The first one represents the current iteration and the second
one represents the next iteration. Our array elements
except undefined are sorted according to
the return value of this compare function.
If a compare b is less than zero a will come first.
If a compare b is equals zero both a and b  unchanged.
Then if a compared to b is greater than zero b will come
first.
So here we can simply subtract the a score
with b score.
So for example here we compare spring
with score 88 with ASP NET with score 100.
Here 88 subtract 100
the result will be negative 12.
That's why spring come first. Then let's compare ASP
NET with Ruby on Rails which has core 95. Here
100 subtract 95
the result will be positive 5.
That's why the right side in this case rails will come first.
I hope it will make sense to you.
All right
don't forget to add return
to return the sorted array.
Now we can go to our template and change this
top ten frameworks with our computed property
top ten frameworks sorted. Let's save
and have a look
as you can see
now the top 10 frameworks sorted
from the lower to the higher score.
Now what if the frameworks need to be sorted descendingly? Well
It's very easy.
Let's switch over to our editor
and if you still remember in this compare function
negative value will make the left side come first.
While positive value will make the right side come first.
So to make this opposite
here we simply multiply this value
with negative one like so.
So for example negative two multiply by negative one
will result positive two. And five multiply by negative
one will result negative five.
So let's save and have a look.
As you can see now the frameworks sorted
from the higher score to the lower score.
Now you might be thinking maybe it would be better
if the order could be exchanged ascendingly
or descendingly
once we hit this table heading it will be ascending
and when hit again it would be descending and
so on.
Well that's very challenging
but let's do that.
Let's switch back to our editor. And here
We need to make this part dynamic so
let's replace this with this dot order.
Now we can jump to data property
then define the order with value one by default.
That means the order will be ascending initially.
No we can jump to our template
and here in this table heading let's
bind a click event to toggle the order
on click equals inside here we can simply change
the order from negative one to positive one or
vice versa.
Here we can say order equals order multiply
by -1 or we can make it more simpler just like
this
or to make our template clean
let's move this logic into method.
Let's cut and then let's call toggle.
back to script
and here
let's define methods property
then define toggle method.
Inside this let's add return and paste the code.
Since we are in vue option don't forget to add to 'this'
Le'ts save
and let's go back to our browser.
Now here the data sorted in ascending initially.
If we hit the score it's now sorted descendingly hit again it
now sorted ascendingly great.
Now before we end this lesson let's style this table
heading for example when we hover over it
the cursor turns the pointer.
It will indicate that this part is clickable
also we need to add an icon or indicator to indicate
which sorting type that's currently using.
So let's switch back over to our editor. Then go to template.
Here in score table heading let's do class binding
here we'll need two different classes
that's why here we're going to pass an array.
The first one is a class that will change the
cursor let's say sort control or whatever name
you like.
Then the second will be class that indicate
which sorting type that is currently using.
Here I'm going to call a computed property let's say sort type.
So let's jump to computed property.
And here let's define sort type
in here
we'll return two different classes based on the order value.
If order's value
is equals one
let's return ascending class
otherwise let's return descending.
Now let's define this classes in css. Let's jump to head tag
then let's add style tag.
Firstly let's define the sort control
here
we simply change the cursor to pointer.
Then let's define the ascending class
here we will utilize pseudo element 'after'.
It is often used to add cosmetic  content
element with the content property.
So here let's set the content with 25b2 which
will result triangle icon. Let's copy this rule
paste and change the class to descending
Then let's change the content to 25bc
which will result reverse triangle icon.
All right let's save and let's have a look.
We have unexpected icon
so let me open my browser console.
Let me switch the order type
here
the class was not changing.
Let me see my code.
Sorry
this should be 'order'
OK
as you can see
now we have expected triangle icon add the
data sorted ascendingly. If we hover over it
the cursor turns to pointer.
Now if we hit that
the icon turns to the reverse triangle and
the data sorted descendingly. Hit again
Now it's sorted ascendingly.
Great.
OK that's it
I'll see you in the next lesson.